What are some of the key design philosophies of the Linux operating system?
Each operating system, similar to humans and companies, has its own design philosophies. Linux assumes its users know what they are doing and allows everything the user tell it to do. It is not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things that would also stop them from doing clever things. Linux directives entail treating all users with respect.

In your own words, what is a VPS (virtual private server)? What, according to your research, are the advantages of using a VPS? Virtual private server is a type of web hosting server where a main server is separated into multiple virtual servers. Each server is allocated their own resources (own operating system software etc.) and is fully customizable. Its advantages includes: low cost (higher than shared server lower than dedicated server), segregation from other virtual servers, increase in performance (best for small/medium size websites), and security (since each website has its own operating system and resources making it difficult for another server to invade security). One leading disadvantage is its maintenance problem. As each VPS has its own operating system and other software, you will need to keep up to date with the maintenance/updating of these operating system security patches and software updates.


Why is it considered a bad idea to run programs as the root user on a Linux system? The root user is the admin or super user of the system. Any execution command from the root user is final and allowed. If a root user accidentally executed a program or accidentally entered a harmful command line command, the whole system might be fatally destroyed.